oncPat2, oncPat2HR, addNote
anesDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
doc2, carPat2carItem, read
carNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncAgent1, oncPat2HR, addNote
carAgent1, carPat2noteItem, read
oncDoc1, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncPat1, oncPat1HR, addNote
carNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
oncAgent1, oncPat2noteItem, read
carDoc2, carPat2carItem, read
carDoc2, carPat1carItem, read
carNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat2oncItem, read
carDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat2nursingItem, read
carPat1, carPat1noteItem, read
carDoc2, carPat2HR, addItem
oncPat1, oncPat1noteItem, read
oncNurse1, oncPat2nursingItem, read
oncDoc2, oncPat1HR, addItem
carPat1, carPat1HR, addNote
carNurse1, carPat1nursingItem, read
oncAgent2, oncPat2HR, addNote
doc1, oncPat2oncItem, read
oncDoc3, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc4, oncPat2oncItem, read
carPat2, carPat2HR, addNote
carNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
carAgent2, carPat2HR, addNote
oncNurse2, oncPat1nursingItem, read
carAgent1, carPat2HR, addNote
oncDoc1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc2, oncPat1oncItem, read
oncDoc4, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
anesDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
carDoc1, carPat1carItem, read
oncNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc3, oncPat2oncItem, read
