anesDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc2, oncPat2HR, addItem
doc2, carPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc3, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc4, oncPat2HR, addItem
anesDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat1HR, addItem
doc1, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc2, carPat1HR, addItem
doc1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc3, carPat1HR, addItem
carDoc1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc1, carPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
anesDoc1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc2, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse2, carPat1HR, addItem
anesDoc1, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carDoc2, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc4, carPat1HR, addItem
doc2, oncPat2HR, addItem
doc1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse1, carPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc3, oncPat1HR, addItem
doc2, oncPat1HR, addItem
carDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
carDoc2, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse1, carPat2HR, addItem
carNurse2, carPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc4, carPat2HR, addItem
doc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc3, carPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncNurse1, oncPat1HR, addItem
doc2, carPat2HR, addItem
carDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc1, carPat1HR, addItem
carDoc1, carPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat1HR, addItem
carNurse1, oncPat2HR, addItem
oncDoc4, oncPat1HR, addItem
carDoc2, carPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc2, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncDoc1, oncPat2HR, addItem
carDoc2, oncPat1HR, addItem
oncNurse2, oncPat2HR, addItem
